The warrior, Superman, the maniac, all champions, all perfect scores, off the aerial break, on
the track, in the gym, on the field, in the pool, and on the crack.
Now they're head to head to head for the first time.
Guts, all stars, watch as the extreme competition takes over Snake tonight at 8-7 Central.
Saturday night has arrived, and Saturday night belongs to Snake.
Stay tuned.
Guts equals courage, Guts equals determination, Guts equals intensity.
Guts equals the all-star extreme competition.
Hi, I'm LT Lawrence Taylor, and Guts equals something different for all of us.
For some, it's recovering every fumble, stopping every free kick, making your highest
mark on the wall, going head to head on the aggro craig, winner takes all.
But Guts always means giving it your best shot and never giving up.
That's Guts.
With it, you're an all-star.
Do you have it?
Guts, the warrior, Guts, Superman, Guts, the maniac, all champions, all perfect scores,
off the aerial bridge, on the track, in the gym, on the field, in the pool, and
on the crack.
Now they're head to head to head for the first time.
Guts, all stars.
The extreme competition begins.
It takes a certain kind of person to get the body working to the level of precision
that's needed to be risen to the top.
Do you have it?
It takes a certain kind of something to keep the heart pumping, something everybody
needs to achieve to succeed.
You'll need a lot.
Do you have it?
Energy so you strive.
Guts, the strength, bravery, it was power to ask yourself.
Welcome to Guts, all stars, the action sport show where kids live out their greatest
sports fantasies.
In our extreme competition tonight, only former champions get a chance to compete.
And our players will be competing and battling their way through seven events, six of which
are brand new to the extreme arena, and then of course our most mountainous challenge, the
aggro crack.
Once again the player with the most points at the end of all of our events will be
the winner.
And he or she will be the first one to have their name inscribed on our Guts, all stars
trophy.
And to top it off, for competing in our extreme competition, Guts, all stars will
establish a college scholarship fund for each of our players.
And joining me for a preview of tonight's event is our referee, Mora Fort and Mollie
Extreme Arena, brimming with excitement, getting a look at our players and champions competing
in some new events.
What's our lineup look like tonight?
It's a tough lineup that will challenge our perfect school champions all over the
extreme arena.
Mike, first up we have our new Elastic Sports Event Rebound, a true head to
head challenge where all three players go after the same ball.
This is basic training, but there's nothing basic about this course.
There'll be seven obstacles instead of the normal five.
The third event is on the track for Tornado Run, the all-terrain race against
nature's fury.
Fourth is Hang Ten, a surfing challenge in our wave pool.
Next is the tug of war on the gridiron we call Fumble, sixth we go back on the
track for the radical car race Mad Max, and seventh is Slam Dunk, the ultimate
statement in Elastic Sports.
And so then after facing those seven events, they will then face off against
a growing crag with Boulder Canyon now between them and their first actuator,
and then 28 feet of raging rock to climb after that.
Yes Mike, yes.
Remember, to win their first championship, our players had to go through four
events and then the crag.
This time to be an all-stars champion, we'll have to go seven rounds of
action before they get to that rock.
So a lot of activity for our players tonight.
It looks like it's going to take versatility, endurance, and grace
under pressure to win this competition.
One thing we know, they all have my guts.
Now, let's meet our off the aerial bridge, and it's a new elastic sport we call
Rebound.
You're going for the rebound, crashing the boards with Dennis Rodman,
Patrick Ewing, and Akeem Elijahwan.
No way you say, well on our new event, the re is yours.
Now remember, folks, all of our events here on Guts have been specifically
designed with our players' safety in mind.
Everyone will be wearing safety equipment and will be supervised by our
professional stunt director and spotters at all times.
So please, do not try these at home.
And now let's go to referee Mark Work for the rules.
Moe.
Mike, at the Sandmine Whistle, all three players will jump off their
aerial bridge towards the center post.
Players will have seven chances to grab the rebound.
The player with the most rebounds wins.
Mike.
OK, and while our players are getting ready, let's take a look at
the smart moves for this event.
In rebound, there are three things to remember.
Number one, getting there first.
Number two, of course, grabbing it.
You need the strength to grab the ball if contact is made.
And often there is a lot of commotion at the top of that rebound
where players are grabbing for the basketball.
And after that, number three, holding on.
You have to have the competitiveness to keep after the ball
if it comes loose.
Let's go to Moe for the start.
Players on your mark, get set.
And we're looking at form here, folks.
Who's going to get there first?
And all three of our players showing their competitiveness
right there as they all went up and attacked the ball,
not one of them coming back with it.
See what happens in the next one.
On your mark, get set.
Concentrating as they go up.
All three going up that time in the maniac,
bringing that back for her first rebound
and they get ready to go again.
OK, on your mark, get set.
All right, and so our players battling for their first rebound.
Who's going to get it?
All three of our players going up for it.
And that's the warrior.
Bringing that back.
On your mark, get set.
One for red, one for purple.
Who will get this one?
Oh, blue and red fighting.
They both get the score on that one
because they grabbed from the rebound
and brought it back down.
OK, on your mark, get set.
All right, and so up again, the warrior.
And the warrior is in the lead with two now,
one for Superman and one for the maniac.
On your mark, get set.
Two more rebounds.
Let's see who ends up with what as they battle it again.
All three are the competition.
Two for the maniac right here.
So we have one more.
We have a tie between red and purple.
One for our blue player.
Who will get this?
On your mark, get set.
All three players jumping up.
Which one's it going to be?
The warrior takes it on.
Let's go to Mo and check out our results.
Mo.
Winning our first event, Jana in red with three.
And second place, Kelly and purple with two.
And third place, Mike and blue with one.
So the warrior folding onto her perfect score.
Take a look as our players both grab for it right here.
And both hold onto it, fighting their way.
Superman and the warrior.
And straight to the ground together.
So they both took the rebound down to the ground.
And let's go to Mo and check out our leaderboard
standings, Mo.
Mike, first place in our event is worth 300 points.
That goes to Jana in red.
And second place with 200 points, Kelly and purple.
And third place with 100 points, Mike and blue.
So the warrior holding onto her perfect score.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is time for Spill Your Guts.
When Mike Superman Schmidt faced his first guts challenge,
he was after one thing.
Thing.
And that's just what 13-year-old Superman is headed for,
unless one of our other all-stars is packing kryptonite.
With a perfect score, his first time out,
Mike set the pace in every event.
And here's seven-foot-five inches, here's the jump.
Not a problem at all, people.
Best.
And conquered the crag.
It's purple, then blue.
But no, no purple missed it actuator.
And so did red.
So what does Mike have to say about his perfect score
performance?
I've been called Superman for the past month or so.
This super-powered competitor never
backs down from a challenge.
Yeah!
In an excellent basic training, our players
will be competing in an all-star version of basic training.
That is anything but basic, ladies and gentlemen.
We have pulled out all the stops and obstacles
to create a challenge that none of our players have ever
faced.
They're going to start at Mohs Whistle through the tire
crawl, and then they'll make it up the cargo net
to the Tarzan Swing.
Come swinging across that and get on that platform
and hustle their way across the tightrope walk down
into the freefall airbag, and then
right into the elastic jungle where stretch our mascot is.
But we'll get the mascot out of there.
They're going to come barreling out of that,
and then up the wall climb, down the slide for life,
into the pool for a little wet plunge.
Let's go to Moe for the rules.
Mike, our players will be timed from starting line
to splash down.
They must complete each obstacle before moving on
to the next one.
Best time wins.
Thanks, Moe, before Superman takes on basic training,
let's get the smart moves for the path
to the gold on this one.
Number one, speed.
The faster you go, the better your time.
Number two, balance.
Slip-ups cost time.
And number three, aggressiveness.
The player who goes for it usually gets it.
Let's see what Mike can do.
Moe.
On your mark, get set.
All right, and so the Superman gets into the tire crawl
and right through that, having some trouble
up the cargo net.
He's getting ready to get on the Tarzan Swing.
And across the Tarzan Swing, onto the platform.
As he holds steady across the tightrope walk,
he's taking big steps, getting onto the next platform.
And he did a free-fowl back, good form.
As he rolls out, he's going into the elastic jungle
right now, and he decides to go low.
More elastics than ever in our elastic jungle here.
And the Superman battling his way through the elastic jungle
as he climbs onto the slide for life,
plunging into the water.
And you can see our finish line right there.
Our players must plunge into the pool
beyond that finish line.
The Superman doing a super job on that last event.
Let's go to Moe for the results, Moe.
Superman clocked in at 41.8 seconds, Mike.
All right.
So Superman showing his speed, and the warrior's up next.
On your mark, get set.
Ladies and gentlemen, the warrior
has never lost an event here on Guts.
She makes it through the tire crawl
and up the cargo net, where Superman has some trouble.
But she seems to be making up time here.
Speed extremely important at this event
as she goes across the Tarzan swing.
And right here it shows you how important balance is.
The warrior living up to her nickname once again
as she rolls into the airbag.
The time to beat 41.8.
Remember, folks, she's never lost an event on Guts.
Going through the elastic jungle though,
she's having trouble right there.
She goes low and has trouble.
The time to beat 41.8.
She's got a hustle.
Trouble in the elastic jungle.
She's up the wall fly, and down the slide for life.
Will she beat the time to beat?
Oh, the warrior into the pool.
And so, we will go to Mo for the official results.
The warrior clocked in at 43.4 seconds.
All right, so thumbs up from the warrior.
Let's see what the maniac can do.
On your mark, get set.
All right, the maniac took second place
on our first event, and she dives right
through the tire crawl, rolling out,
showing her gymnastic ability right there.
And up the cargo net, her strong legs
getting her up the cargo net, and across the tires and swing.
She's at 13 seconds right now, folks.
Keeping her balance, going straight on.
That's her momentum on the tightrope walk
as she falls into the freefall bag and rolling out.
41.8 seconds.
The warrior had trouble in the elastic jungle,
and the maniac decides to stand up.
So a challenge, few of our players take here on Guts
standing up through the elastic jungle,
but she makes it through.
Folks, she can beat this time.
Again, 300 points for first place.
As she struggles up, it's going to be close, folks.
Clunging into the wall.
And let's go to my three-second mark.
The maniac came in at 42.9 seconds at that put.
Mike in first place, Kenny in second place,
Jaina in third place.
And so if this is any indication
of our player's competitiveness,
only two seconds between our players
take a look at the warrior as she throws herself
into the elastic jungle.
But this is where she had trouble,
going low, getting caught up all over the elastic.
She tried to barrel her way through
that finally pulled herself through,
taking third place in this event.
And here's Mike, the Superman, showing his strength.
Aggressively holding on to the slide for life,
legs up and into the pool
for a first place finish for the Superman.
Let's go to the leaderboard.
Well, Mike, I think this is an indication
of how close this competition is going to be.
All of our players have 400 points.
400 points, folks.
Time score after two events.
This is what it's all about on All Stars.
All of our players, big time stars.
Nickelodeon Guts will return in a moment.
If I had my way, I'd change my hair.
Or to give the kids a meal the way I like it,
with no pickles.
Sure.
Yeah.
Now at Burger King, you can collect save the animal cards.
You can save mammals, fish, birds, and red cows and amphibians.
There's 17 cards in four albums, one with every kid's meal.
You can save them in albums.
Or treat them with friends.
You're right.
I'm with Zelda from the very start.
I got the heart, it's Mars to play the part.
But you're down with Zelda.
Creeping through with an overhead view,
because a man's got to do what a man's got to do.
So I stay on track, collect the facts, never cut slack.
And I always watch my back for jacks.
Check the down with Zelda, yeah.
As soon as then, I'm the man with the plan,
because the power's in my head and the power's in my hands.
Check the down with Zelda.
And now back to Nickelodeon Guts.
Busters, fastest.
Invisible Boat, 5.3 seconds.
Rachel Wildcat Wheaton.
Thank you for Tornado Run, our next event,
which brings all the fury of nature to the extreme arena.
Tornado Run, a race through all sorts of terrain.
And our players will be making their way after the start.
They've got rivers to cross.
And after those rivers to cross, they're
going to have to make it through a rock in earthquake
through another turn as they go into the jungle vines
that they will have to fight through.
And then into the final turn before they
go into a treacherous swamp fog waiting
to bog our players down.
Who will survive to the finish first?
We're about to find out.
Let's go to Moe for the rules.
Players will start at the sound of my whistle
and race around the track.
They must go through or over every obstacle.
And penalties will be added for any violations.
First player over the finish line wins.
Let's find out our smart moves for this event.
Number one, off the block.
A quick start essential in this event.
Number two, flat out speed.
An easy way to get ahead in the straightaways.
And number three, determination.
Head to head to head competition
to get first position on the obstacles.
There you have them.
Now let's go to Moe to start the race.
Moe.
OK, Mike.
Players on your mark, get set.
And from the starting line into the rivers,
who will get across that river first?
It's the warrior.
Superman second.
And then the maniac will cross the finish line
right there.
So our judges will be going over the results with Moe.
And then we will get them from Moe.
Moe, talk to me.
In first place, Jana in red.
In second place, Mike in blue.
In third place, Kelly in purple.
So as I said, off the block, first very important.
And the warrior, determination, sheer determination
to get across that river first, followed by Superman
and the maniac.
And then she went into the earthquake.
And then came out of the earthquake.
Still, the concentration, determination.
She saw that hole, no hesitation
as she drove through the hole and right up the jungle
vines in the second portion, climbing right over.
I mean, jumping down first right here, flat out speed.
She needed to finish the last obstacle of our event,
Fog, and after she was coming right across the finish
line right there, little hesitation.
But she knew she won in that event.
And now let's take a look at the leaderboard, Moe.
Well, right now, our warrior is
in the lead with 700 points.
Our Superman in second with 600 points.
Our maniac in third with 500 points.
Only 200 points between our first place player
and our third place player.
And now, once again, it is time for Spill Your Guts.
How do you make a Guts All Star?
Start with a kid, add a tough nickname, some confidence.
They don't have a prayer.
And a first place finish in every event she's ever played.
She's down on the ground.
And she comes in at the last stretch.
She's coming in sideways.
She's going to get there, yes.
Oh, look at our purple player, Slippling.
And then Jana, the warrior.
She is the warrior today.
Who have you got?
Jana, the warrior wearing.
We have it.
Bet on it.
Players will hit the pool for our next event, Hang Ten,
folks.
And that rollicking wave ball is
going to transform our Guts pool into a raging ocean.
Our players are going to get on this surfboard.
See how many buoys they can get while challenging those waves.
Let's go to Moe for the rules.
Moe.
Well, Mike, at the center of my whistle,
each player will have 30 seconds to collect as many buoys
as they can.
Players must keep the buoys on their arms,
and the player who collects the most wins.
Mike.
All right, now let's check out our smart moves on this one.
Number one, fearlessness.
Players can't hesitate when those waves roll over them.
Number two, peripheral vision.
You've got to see the whole pool
so you know where all the buoys are.
And number three, coordination.
Keeping your body on the board and your arms pumping.
We'll see what our players can do in this next event.
Let's go to Moe for the start.
On your mark, get set.
OK, so Superman battling those waves, folks,
as he goes into the corner to pick up the first two
buoys.
Now, as we said, peripheral vision,
you've got to have a real good idea
of where all the buoys are in the pool
so you know where to make your next move.
His balance, no problem here.
He's got about six buoys right here,
with only 10 seconds left.
He may get all of them, folks.
The waves are not bothering him at all.
The Superman is afloat with plenty of buoys.
Five seconds time running out right here
as he continues to make it through.
All right, and so we will go to Moe
and find out the results.
Let's go to Moe.
Well, our Superman might collected all 10 buoys
with a couple of seconds to spare.
All right, all 10.
Look at this, folks.
Coordination and peripheral vision.
He knew where they were.
Then he had to coordinate himself to get to where they were,
seeing all of the buoys, but maintaining his balance
on the board while he paddled and held on to all 10 buoys.
That's going to be a tough one to match
as the Superman gets dried off.
Let's go to Moe.
On your mark, get set.
OK, so the warrior getting out, battling those waves,
out there, folks, created by that wave ball right there,
that is the North American premiere of the wave ball
here on Guts, creating waves up to three to four feet high,
transforming our pool into a raging Guts ocean.
So the warrior right here was six seconds.
Time is running out here.
Looks like she has about four buoys right here, or five.
So unable to get the other portions of the pool
where the other buoys were.
We'll go to Moe for her results, Moe.
Jana collected four buoys, Mike.
Right, so the warrior with four buoys.
Let's take a look at the replay here.
And she was leaning back on the board right here.
The waves were throwing all over the pool,
harder to fight against the waves
because she wasn't balanced fully across the entire board.
She was leaning her weight back on the back of the board.
That hurt her in her forward motion
as she was going to try to grab on to some of the other buoys.
So we'll see what the maniac can do in this event.
On your mark, get set.
OK, and so the maniac goes into this event,
grabbing the first buoy.
She's holding onto the board with one hand,
but she doesn't have her legs on the back end of the board.
There she is.
She's got her balance back right here.
And you can see those waves knocking those buoys
up against the wall.
She has two right here, folks, going for her third.
But remember, she needs seven for first place points.
She needs at least one, five, I'm sorry, one more
to beat Jana the Warrior.
She may have grabbed it right there.
Time running out, grabbing for a sixth buoy, a seventh buoy.
I believe at the buzzer.
So we'll go to Moe for her results.
Moe.
Kelly came in with seven buoys.
So that puts Mike in first place, Kelly in second place,
and Jana in third place.
All right, so let's take a look right here
at Kelly's performance.
Her balance is extremely important.
She's holding onto the board right here
as she's collecting seven buoys.
And you can see herself leaning forward.
She has her entire body stretch out
along the length of the board, which enabled her to get
those seven buoys.
Good work for her.
Let's go to the leaderboard.
Well, right now, Superman Mike
is still in the lead with 900 points.
In second place, close behind our Warrior Jana with 800.
In third place, Maniac Kelly with 700 points.
More down, three to go before they get to the crack.
They'll need all the stamina, all the skill,
and all the guts they have to take on our second half defense.
Time here at Guts All-Stars.
And our players at the top of the show,
we said that they would have to show us
all the versatility, endurance, and brace under pressure.
They've definitely shown us here tonight.
They certainly have playing to their hardest degree,
and showing us how well-honed they've kept
their skills since we saw them last season.
I know it's amazing that they can come in here
and challenge themselves against four new events
they've never tried before, and rise to that challenge
and compete the way they have.
Very nice, Mike.
Let's take a look at the leaderboard
and see where we stand right now.
Well, Superman Mike in blue is in the lead right now
with 900 points.
We'll see how long he can keep hold of that.
Warrior Jana in red is coming in strong with 800 points.
And Kelly the Maniac in purple
coming in with 700 points right now.
So that's a look at where they stand at half time.
Now let's take a look at how they got there.
And as we look at our first event, rebound.
All of our players going up, trying
to get the basketball rebound on the first one.
No one got it.
And then we go into the basic training event
where Mike, the Superman, climbing up the wall,
climbed good speed as he held on to the slide for life,
came plunging into our pool and plunging
into a first place finish in that event.
The warrior Dove threw the jungle vines in tornado run.
And that did not slow her down
as she climbed up over the second portion
of our jungle vines.
And then jumping down, giving herself all the speed
necessary to come through that treacherous swamp fog
and finish in first place in tornado run.
And then finally, as we take a look at Kelly,
the coordination right here.
Seven buoys as she balanced herself
and held on in that last event, hang 10.
So the competition has been really intense so far, Mom.
It's been stupendous, Mike.
Stupendous.
OK, well, I know you have to get down on the field.
We will continue our halftime festivities.
I am now here with the warrior, the maniac, and Superman.
And Jenna, in that first halftime, first half of events,
how do you keep your energy up?
Well, I go to gymnastics in practice for four hours
a day, and I think that's what's helping me a lot.
And without that, I don't know what I do.
Let's take a look at the replay right here,
and you can describe for us what happened in our first event,
a rebound as you went jumping off the aerial bridge.
What were you trying to do here?
I was trying to capture the ball before anyone else
and get the head start, and it looked like I did.
And me and Mike kind of tied and got there at the same time.
And we just fought with it, and we kept going,
and then the next thing I knew, it just got on my hands.
Touching the ground right there, both getting
the point in that last event.
So Superman, how was your experience
on guts the first time to help you so far
in our competition here tonight?
Well, I just looked back and trying
to find out what I did good and used to my advantage this time,
and then see what I did bad, and not
trying not to do it this time.
So let's take a look at the replay right here,
and you can describe for us what happened in our little
bit.
Right here, I'm just trying to get the nose up
of the board, and just trying to get
the buoys as many as I can to get fast enough
to get the other ones too.
Just trying to get them up as fast as I can.
Staying on the board, getting all 10 buoys, 10 out
of a possible 10 for the Superman.
And Kelly, how does it feel to go head to head
against two people with perfect scores?
It's a challenge, all right.
They're very skilled in all of us are,
and I have no idea what's going to happen,
and it's very hard.
All right, let's take a look at your replay right here.
You can describe for us what happened
in our basic training event.
The time to beat was 41.8 seconds.
You went up the wall.
I had difficulty going up there.
I had to struggle getting up there.
And right up here, right there, I
had to pull myself as hard as I could
because I kind of lost my grip.
And then I went up here as fast as I could.
And then right here, I went down.
And then when I came to the finish line,
I tried to pull my legs up and just let go.
All right, so great work for all of our players
in our first half.
Are you looking forward to the second half?
Sure I am.
What do you think?
I hope to have a great time.
And Superman, looking forward to a second half?
Yeah, I don't know.
They're good.
All right, well, I know our players
have to get down into their football gear
for our next event, Fumble.
Let's go to the halftime activities
with our mascot, Stretch.
Nickelodeon Guts will return in a moment.
They're squirmy and wormy and purple and green.
The grossest little creatures that you've ever seen.
Creepy crawlers.
Build a monster mold with a colored plastic goop.
And make a creepy crawler from a yucky monster soup.
The rucky, yucky, squirmy, wormy, very scary.
Sometimes hairy, squiggly, wiggly, creepy crawler.
Creepy crawlers.
Gross on your sister.
Embarrass your dad.
You can be a little creep without being bad.
Creepy crawlers workshop with Plasty Goop.
One man but you're blowing the fire now.
I love video scavenger hunting.
Let's roll.
Spotted dogs, twins, rock group, group headstand.
Got it.
Twins?
Well, I always see twins.
And McDonald's.
Oh.
Spotted dogs.
Hey.
A rock group.
It's for me.
They convert them.
I always see red convertibles.
Ah, McDonald's.
Hey, we're doing great.
We're doing great.
Look, twins.
Hi, Mark.
I knew we'd find everything in McDonald's.
But why don't you say something?
And now back to Nickelodeon Guts.
All stars all the time is in their eyes.
They'll walk.
They'll talk.
They're attitude.
They call themselves Superman.
The warrior.
The maniac.
They always come to play, but they're not playing around.
They may not be the fastest or the strongest
or the biggest, but they don't have to be.
They have to be the best.
It's drive.
It's heart.
It's something inside.
It's what makes a kid an R star.
It's guts.
A new elastic sports event, Fumbo.
Imagine Emmett Smith running for a touchdown.
He said, the football is loose.
Fumbo!
Got to have quick hands for this event.
Fumbo.
Let's go them up for the rules.
Well, Mike, at the center of my whistle, all three,
all stars will have 45 seconds to recover
as many fumbles as possible.
Players may grab more than one football at once,
and only the footballs in each player's basket
will be counted.
The player with the most recoveries wins.
Let's find out our smart moves for this event.
Number one, we must have our players with good versatility.
Right, you're pushing and pulling your way
to every loose ball.
Number two, reaction time.
You have to react to the bounce immediately.
And number three, decision-making.
You have a split second to decide whether to throw
the ball into your bucket or run it back.
OK, Mo, let's kick it off.
Players on your mark, get set.
All right, so our players going after the fumble.
Talk about the complete craziness of this last event.
Let's go to Mo for the results, Mo.
Well, coming in first was Kelly the maniac in purple
with 10 recovered fumbles.
In second place, Mike and Blue with five.
In third place, Janna Enright with four.
All right, so ladies and gentlemen,
our players showing their football technique.
As you see, the foot speed important
as she is getting pushed and pulled
and her decision-making.
She's holding onto the footballs
and not going back to the bucket.
And right here, she decides, rather than
go for that last one, but she held onto it for too long.
She lost that one right there.
That could have really affected her score.
And then we go to the maniac right here
who took first place in this event.
She tries, she goes back.
She gets knocked to the ground and gets back up.
Her quick decision to throw it into the basket right there.
Missing, but putting it right in right there.
And another one right there.
Great work for Kelly.
And let's take a look at the leaderboard now.
Well, Mike, the Superman is still hanging
onto the lead with 1,100 points.
Coming in second, Kelly and Purple with 1,000 points.
In third place, Janet and Red with 900 points.
Come on, folks.
You don't get better than this.
The big spin and put away, but the game's not over yet.
Our competition coming down to the wire
with only two more events between our players and the Crag.
Nickelodeon Guts will return in a moment.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday.
Guts.
Only Nickelodeon would give you a whole week of Guts.
Weekend Warriors rejoice.
It's a new season at a new time every weekday, every afternoon.
Your chance to see fiercer competition,
tougher obstacles, and a meaner, bigger and grow, Crag.
Get in on the action sports this Monday at 5.30, 4.30
Central, only on Nick.
When it's 5.04 Central and you're
up thirsting for some action,
watch your whistle with The Wild Bunch on Hey Dude.
Only Nick could round up a gang this good, this bad,
and this gnarly.
Every weekday at 5.04 Central, The Wild Bunch,
rude dudes raring to go.
On Hey Dude, every weekday at 5.04 Central,
on the only network for dudes.
Walt Disney presents three extraordinary friends,
and the popular hit will be now on video.
Homeward Bound, The Incredible Journey, Their Shadow.
Come on, you two.
Chance.
Yeah, I got to check this out.
Pardon me.
And Sassy.
I prefer the dry look.
They're lost in the wilderness.
But to get back home.
This is like Arnold Schwarzenegger.
They'll have to get their act together.
Now, I still need Snacky.
Chance, you're a genius.
You can join them on their adventure.
Yes.
Homeward Bound, The Incredible Journey on Video Rated G.
Snick Shows, Nick Shows on Snick.
See?
Sure.
Exactly 14 custodian kids watch Bullwiggles Moserama.
All those people looking at us, they feel like goldfish.
Don't miss Bullwiggles Moserama,
weeknights on Nickelodeon.
Yesterday, my city was attacked by Spamians
from another galaxy.
They weren't very nice aliens, which made me and Walt mad.
So they were messing up the place.
We prepared our new B-case for battle,
and went out to tell them to get the heck out of Dodge.
Then, yeah, we jumped out of their purple skins
when they saw us.
Spamians scattered everywhere, but our B-case time
yourselves made us way speedier.
We chased them back to their spaceships,
and those Spamians were treated like the spineless slime
they are.
The new B-case at Foot Locker.
And now back to Nickelodeon Guts.
Busters, highest.
Over the top, 8 feet, 1 inch.
Jennifer Gadget Griffin.
Chris the Crusher, Martin.
Chris Snuflec Ewing.
Welcome back to Guts All-Stars, ladies and gentlemen,
where there are still only 200 points
between our first-place player and our third-place player,
and they are getting ready for our next event, Mad Max.
The Extreme Arena has been turned into a post-nuclear
cataclysmic world, and our players
will be making a mad dash through several obstacles.
A post-nuclear apocalypse, our players
are going to be making it through the junkyard,
and after making it through the junkyard,
they're then going to go into the speed bumps.
After that, they will then turn into pothole pass,
and making it through those potholes,
maneuvering their three-wheel bike through that,
they'll then come in for a crash finish
through our dead end.
Then, after the dead end, across the finish line.
Let's go to Moe for the rules, Moe.
Well, Mike, at the sound of my whistle,
each player will race around the track.
Players must go through or over every obstacle
and time penalties will be added for any violations.
Best time wins, Mike.
While Superman gets strapped in,
let's talk about the smart moves for this event.
Number one, control.
Sacrificing flat-out speed for control
over the more difficult obstacles will save time.
Number two, coordination.
Mastering the three-wheel bike
and steering with your body.
And number three, fearlessness.
You have to take the dead end at full speed
to cross the finish line fastest.
Moe, kick it off.
Superman, on your mark, get set.
All right, so there's Superman down the ramp
and into the junkyard.
Good speed as he makes it through there.
He goes into this event with 1,100 points.
He is our winner and making it through the speed bumps,
not slowing him down at all.
Into pot hole pass,
maneuvering his bike through that,
steering no problem,
and through the dead end finish across the finish line.
Superman flying through that last event.
Let's go to Moe for the results.
Well, Mike popped in at 19.7 seconds, Mike.
Oh, man.
Let's take a look at the Superman right here.
We talked about control and the smart moves.
He comes flying into the speed bumps
and the bike going up and down each of the speed bumps.
He maintains control.
Mastering of the three-wheel bike,
steering wonderful on that last event.
And so as Superman takes a little break right here,
we will get the warrior strapped in and ready to go.
She goes into this event in 900 points.
She needs a good time here to pick it up, Moe.
Warrior on your mark, get set.
All right, ladies and gentlemen,
our players having had competed in so many events
so far, the warrior speed and fearlessness,
definitely her motives in this event.
As she comes into pot hole pass,
she's at 15 seconds of time to beat 19.7.
She's gonna have to come through the dead end finish
with a quick finish and across the finish line right there,
dragging cinder blocks with her.
Coming in with the official time, let's go to Moe.
Jaina clocked in at 21.1 seconds, Mike.
All right, 21.1 seconds, the warrior.
Fearlessness going through these potholes,
not letting big holes in the track slow her down.
She comes barreling around that last corner
and smashing through the dead end finish.
Cinder blocks falling all over her,
not slowing her down as she comes across the finish line,
21.1.
So the warrior who, as I said,
went into this event with 900 points,
just a couple of seconds after Superman
who going into this event had 1,100 points.
And so the maniac will get let loose on our track next.
She goes into this event with 1,000 points.
We'll see what she can do in our Mad Max event right here.
And it looks like she's situated and ready to go.
Moe?
The maniac on your mark gets set.
All right, we'll see if the maniac
can bring some of her manic energy to this event
as she goes through the junkyard,
having trouble right there
and crashing right into that last tire.
That's gonna really affect her time.
Control, extremely important as we said in this event
and she's unable to get her control back
as she crashes again into the guts tool
as she came around that last turn.
As she's making it through the pothole pass,
still aggressive as she comes through the crash finish
and showing that she has the guts to finish this race.
As she comes across the finish line
and clocks in when we will find out
whether or not she incurred any penalties on that.
Let's go to Moe.
Kelly in purple came in with 38.3 seconds
and that includes three of the track penalty marks
and one came in first during the in seconds
and Kelly in third place.
All right, so just seconds between Superman and Warrior.
Take a look right here as the maniac
skidding right into that tire right there,
almost falling out of the bike,
but she gets back onto the bike and finished.
Let's check that out a little bit.
Superman is still in first place with 1,400 points
and tied in second place with 1,100 points each.
Warrior in red and the maniac in purple.
Once again, time for Spill Your Guts.
Kelly the maniac, Marchuka has no illusions
about the All-Stars Extreme Competition.
I think it's going to be a real challenge.
The last time Kelly was in the Extreme Arena,
the competition didn't know what hit them.
No, there's Kelly right back in there.
She's got the momentum on that one right there, folks.
Yeah, so Carl Lewis, get ready for Kelly.
It looks like it's going to be all Kelly, folks.
All Kelly, all alone.
This is all Kelly today, folks.
Perth prediction of tonight's outcome.
You never know what's going to happen.
We'll enter our next event, Slam Dunk.
You're flying through the air slamming, jamming,
stuffing basketballs on an 11-foot net.
Can it be real? What do you think you are?
Shaquille O'Neal?
Well, no, in our elastic sports fantasy, Slam Dunk,
our players will be letting loose
with an elastic cord on their back,
shooting at 11-foot high nets
and knocking them through that hoop.
Let's go to them all for the rules.
Well, very nice, Mike.
At the center of my whistle,
all three players will grab a basketball,
jump off the aerial bridge,
bounce up and shoot.
They'll have 60 seconds to score as many baskets as possible.
All three players will compete at the same time,
and baskets will only count
if they are shot after the player touches the ground.
The player with the most baskets
at the sound of the horns wins.
Mike?
All right, here's a look at our smart moves on this one.
Number one, leg power.
Even though you have the elastic cords,
it's the push-off that gives you the spring
to get to the hoop.
Number two, release.
Don't shoot on the way up.
Shoot at the top of your jump.
And number three, return.
Remember, you have to get back up to the aerial bridge
as quickly as possible.
Our players are ready,
so let's go to Mo for the start of our race.
Players on your mark, get set.
Okay, in 60 seconds,
the determination is on all of our faces
as you can see right there,
Superman scoring one right there.
And two, the warrior in Superman,
right players with great momentum right here,
squaring right away that Mark Chuka.
She's with three right now.
We have three for red, four for blue.
That's five for blue.
Four for red, four for purple.
Their neck and neck folks were halfway through the race.
Another one for the maniac.
The warrior, another one.
The warrior going up again with good form.
Down through the hoop, the warrior going up again.
Last event, ladies and gentlemen,
all of our players showing their finesse
and their experience in that event,
as all of them showing how to dunk the ball
and put the ball through the hoop.
Let's go for the results to Mo.
Mike, another three-way tie.
All of our players scored nine baskets.
CHEERING
Ladies and gentlemen, I don't know if you need any more indication
of how close our competition has been here today.
Take a look at Kelly with fantastic leg power,
going up and putting it right through the hoop on that one.
And quickly getting back up, and here's the Superman
flying right square onto the floor,
going back up and putting another one through the hoop
and back up to the aerial bridge.
Let's go to Mo for the leaderboard.
Well, right now, Mike Superman's still in the lead
with 1,700 points and still tied in second place
with 1,400 points.
Each, the warrior in red and the maniac in purple.
All right, ladies and gentlemen,
well, that's a little basketball for you
with no three-point shots in our next event.
No folks, one shot and a 725-point event.
The Crag, our biggest challenge.
Nickelodeon Guts will return in a moment.
And thank you, Chuck.
No while I'm here.
All right, bring it on.
Magic Johnson's super slam dunk basketball for Super Nintendo.
Now you can rent it at Blockbuster.
One, two, one, two, one, two.
Take them down, take them down, go!
And like taking candy from a baby.
What?
Two out of three, little man?
For the best in video games,
make it a Blockbuster night.
Are you ready?
Hey, dude.
It's not your clothes you need to change.
It's your pent-
Yikes!
Yikes are the only pencils as unique as you.
Yikes are pencils and erasers without rages, shapes,
and colors that go straight to the core
because you can't look sharp with all pencils.
Sorry, Dad.
Yikes can't work miracles.
They write like other pencils,
but they make you go, Yikes!
It's like nothing you've ever seen
because it is nothing you've ever seen.
It's an all-new scary tale on
Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Tonight on SNCC.
And now, back to Nickelodeon Guts.
Busters.
Farthest.
The longest yard.
24 feet, 6 inches.
Peter Crash-Crescenty.
It's our final event.
The biggest challenge our players will go against yet.
The aggro-crag event.
Our players getting ready.
Poised and composed, the extreme arena
will come before the storm of the crack.
Let's go to Moe for our leaderboard standings, Moe.
After seven events this time,
our Superman, Mike M. Blue,
is in the lead with 1,700 points
and tied in second place with 1,400 points each.
Journal of the Warrior in red
and Kelly the Maniac in purple.
So that is a look at how they stand.
Now let's take a look at how they got there.
The highlights from the second half
as the Superman showing his fearlessness
diving after that football
and his power powering himself back to the basket
and then all over our field right here
and Kelly the Maniac showing right here her power
as down on the floor trying to scrape for it,
tosses that one towards the basket,
back again to pick it up
and showing right there her power being able to push
against the pole of the other players.
We go into the Warrior showing control
right here through our finish
and coming across the finish line, the dead end finish
and also we take a look at the Maniac having trouble
not good control on our Mad Max event
and then the Superman showing perfect technique
on that last event.
And now ladies and gentlemen,
we go into the Acro Crag event.
This mountain right here behind me
our biggest challenge for our players
and the smoke and snow
and all that our players will be surprised with.
The Crag is new this time.
It's full of different surprises each day
and it's been growing.
Now it covers over 3580 feet of surface area.
The race begins at Boulder Canyon,
our six foot rock ledge
which stands between them and their first actuator.
Our players can then trigger obstacles
like floods, avalanches, snow storms,
loose ledges and rolling rocks as they climb
and of course the sound and fury of a living mountain.
Our players ready, Moe, give us the rules.
Our all stars will start off at the sound of my whistle.
Each player has an identical side of the mountain to climb
and may not cross into another player's path.
Now during their climb,
our players must light up each of eight targets
located on their side of the Crag.
The first player to activate all of the targets
including the final one at the peak of the mountain
will receive first place points, Mike.
All right, ladies and gentlemen, our game far from over.
The points here in the Agro Crag event have skyrocketed.
That's right, ladies and gentlemen.
Third place is now worth 375 points.
Second, 550 points.
And first, a whopping 725 points.
So this far from over, Moe, kick off our final event.
Players on your mark get set.
And so that whistle means begin the climb
to the Boulder Canyon, our Guts All-Stars,
showing action before we decide to run the Agro Crag.
Let's go to Moe for the results.
Here are the placings for the Agro Crag
in first place, Jonah in red, in second place,
Kenny in purple, and third place, Mike in blue.
Ladies and gentlemen, for one of the two ladies here,
our Lady All-Stars, they had to go one and two to win
because Mike, our Superman, was in first place
with 1700 points.
They were both tied for 14.
And look as the rocks come tumbling down
on all three of our players simultaneously.
They are all there at the final event, neck and neck,
head to head, but it is the warrior
who gets to the top of the Crag first.
And then, who will be the first place player
if the Superman can get up?
Oh, the maniac gets in there.
Next, ladies and gentlemen,
an unbelievable competition all evening long.
Our players showing their athletic prowess.
Fantastic performances.
Let's go to Moe and check out
our final Guts All-Star leaderboard standings.
Well, Mike, truly the Agro Crag
deciding everything between our fine players today.
Gosh, in third place, Kelly, the maniac in purple
with 1,950 points.
In second place, Mike, our Superman in blue
with 2,075 points.
Our winner today, Jana Inred, our warrior
with 2,125.9.
And so, ladies and gentlemen,
our final leaderboard shows us
what our story has been about all day long.
Only 175 points between our first-place finisher
and our third-place finisher.
And our third-place finisher
getting a silver Guts All-Stars plate.
And as promised, her $1,000 scholarship.
In second place, Mike, also a Guts All-Stars silver plate
and a $1,500 scholarship.
And, ladies and gentlemen,
our champion here today on Guts All-Stars
with a $2,500 college scholarship.
She will be the first person to have her name
inscribed on our Guts All-Stars trophy.
Our players here today proving once again
that they are supreme athletes
and deserving of the name champion.
No ifs, ands, or buts.
These kids have Guts.
And in the end, it's the warrior, the winner.
And it's Superman and the many active winners all.
Because winning isn't just about taking home the trophy.
It's about the challenge.
It's about doing your personal best.
It's about respect.
That's what sports is all about.
That's what winning is all about.
And that's what Guts is all about.
Do you have it?
It was recorded in front of a live audience
in Nickelodeon Studios at Universal Studios Orlando, Florida.
Catch the next wave of Snake after this.
World famous Plaza Automall presents America's
favorite 93 year end price smash.
Like a Honda Accord LX, only $14,295.
An Acura Legend for only $3.55 a month.
An Olds Achiva S sedan for $12,995.
A Mazda Prodigé for just $96,95.
Or a Saab 9000 CS for just $3.99 per month.
Plus hundreds more.
Smart buyers know.
Now's the time and plaza's the place.
Just minutes away at 2740 Nostrand Avenue in Brooklyn.
Don't miss it.
It's not that I want to see other people.
It's just.
You deserve better than me.
It's that old saying.
I want to let you be free.
If you love a butterfly, set it free.
Go!
And if it comes back.
If there was a word between friend and boyfriend,
like casual, friend of boy, really good friends.
Every East Pack Pack Pack comes with a lifetime guarantee,
provided you can handle the commitment.
Everything's going to be the same,
only we're just not going to kiss.
OK?
Start jumping up and down like idiots,
because look what's new from Log This Time.
It's all new action log with realistic facial moss.
And you can dress new action log for adventure
with these great new action outfits.
There's Log of Arabia, Officer Log, Athletic Log,
and Cheerleader Log.
You can explore uncharted Arctic terrain
with Sergeant Log of the Yukon.
And get set for super secret spy action
with Agent 00 Log.
And how about the all new log, Lion Tamer Play Set?
And girls, you'll swoon when you hear singing log.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
Look out, earthlings.
Here comes the mysterious log from Mars.
Kids, you can be just like Dad with the armchair quarterback
adventure play set.
And you'll have hours of fun playing
doctor with the Log Authentic Civil War first aid
station.
Yes, when it's this much fun, it must be long.
From Blamo.
Stick, thank heaven my cousin Sven is coming to visit.
I still remember the days when Sven and I
were in the whelping box together.
I can hardly wait to have an intellectual conversation again.
Excuse me, Ren.
It's time for my appointment.
Enough of your tongue foolery.
He's here.
Now you're going to meet a dog with real breathing.
He's a whorek.
He's got my blood.
At last, cousin, come on in.
Say something intelligent.
He is only you, Sven.
Sven, get in here, you old yak, elder.
I want you to meet my friend, Stimpy.
He's an idiot.
Wow.
Stimpy, say hello to a superior creature.
Hello, superior creature.
He is only you, Sven.
Is that the face of intelligence or what?
Turn around, you sick little monkey.
I'll go get some refreshments.
Stimpy, help Sven unpack.
Bah, OK.
Bah, you are my new friend.
I share with you.
Hey.
What's that?
It's my jar of spit.
I've been saving it since I was a child.
You saved your spit.
Wait here.
I want to show you something.
Magic nose coblins.
Yimmy.
I picked them myself.
Look what I have for you.
What is it?
It's my ball of band-aids.
I've saved every band-aid I've ever used.
Here, this one's from 1962.
Joy.
I'll get it.
What's that?
Oh, that's just my brain.
It's always falling out.
It's so big.
I know.
You want to see mine?
OK.
Golly.
Your cousin is the coolest.
We're lodge brothers.
We both belong to the loyal order of stupid.
Yeah, and now we show you our secret handshake.
Right, Sven.
It's my first material possession.
Then I have some.
Sure, hop in.
I know.
Private.
Ren, Stimpy, and Snick will be back after these messages.
There are a lot more of what you call ugly people in this world than beautiful people.
And there's a growing sense of strength in our collective ugliness.
And it's frightening to some people.
But we refuse to accept the standard television definition of what beauty is.
We don't want to live in a beer commercial.
We don't have permanent dramatic shadows that make our plain faces pretty.
We don't have perfect airbrush bodies, and we don't want them.
Point is not to be beautiful.
The point is to be yourself.
Having fun fishing?
You bet.
Hey, guys, breakfast!
Let's go, Grandpa.
You got it.
Come on, this isn't funny.
I want my Kellogg's corn pops.
Oh, like sweet popcorn.
And everyone's eating pops except me.
Kellogg's corn pops is part of this complete breakfast.
I got to have my pops.
Who did this?
Come on, cops.
That's for Prince!
Clean this room.
Bunker's fingerprint kit is free with two proofs from Kellogg's corn pops.
These prints are bunkers.
Uh-uh.
Looking for a great car at a great price?
Well, your local Nissan dealers are having one of their biggest sales events of the year.
I was in a right place.
And it must have been a right time.
For a limited time, you can lease a Nissan Maximum at GXC for just $1,000 down in $299 a month.
Lease a Centra XC Limited Edition for just $500 down in $169 a month.
Or buy an Altima starting at $13,000.
Your local Nissan dealer, it's the right place at the right time.
More than a right place.
Getting more than a right time.
Critics called that night tender, touching, bittersweet.
Do you remember when Larry used to kiss you like that?
Yeah.
Wonderfully performed.
What'd she say?
She wants to meet you tonight.
A knockout performance from Juliette Lewis.
Could you keep a secret if I asked you to?
Sure.
Every frame glows with love and artistry.
Okay.
Not a word about tonight.
That night, rated PG-13.
Not playing exclusively at City Cinema's Cinema One Theater, 3rd Avenue at 60th Street.
And now, back to the glow of the Renan Stimpey show.
I hate rainy days.
Yeah, and me too.
I know.
Let's play a game.
Let's see.
There's Scribble, and Gamey, and Monotony, and pure cheesy misery days.
These are boring games.
Joy.
It's the funnest game in the whole wide world.
Don't whiz on the electric fence.
Don't whizz on the electric fence.
You set up the board, and I'll go plug in the fence.
Eight.
One.
Six.
Your team.
Eight.
Your turn, brother Stimpey.
Get dirt everywhere.
Well, at least I'm home.
I can follow my intellectual pursuits.
I offer records.
Covered in bubblegum.
My collection of rare, incurable diseases.
Violated.
No.
My dinosaur dropping.
Painted like Easter radiance.
The view.
I'm gonna do to you.
I'm so angry.
First, I'm gonna tear your lips out.
Yeah.
That's what I'm gonna do.
And then, I'm gonna...
Now do your eyes out.
Like this, friend.
Yeah, you scary eyes.
Good.
You scared, huh?
Next, I'm gonna...
Tear your arms out of the socket.
And you wanna know what else?
I'm gonna hit you.
And you're gonna fall.
And I'm gonna look down.
And I'm gonna laugh.
But first, I gotta take a whizz.
Don't you go anywhere.
You stay right here.
Right on this spot.
I'll be back.
What's this stupid thing?
That's a game, Ren.
Yeah, it's really fun.
Oh, you like this game?
Oh, yeah, Ren.
We love it.
Oh, you like the game, huh?
Do you really like it?
It's our favorite game in the whole world.
Oh, you like the game, huh?
Well, how do you like these?
So, you whizzed on the electric fence, didn't you?
The Electric Fence
Skipper Show
Who's the greatest mudskipper of them all?
Who can skip the demand with the greatest of ease?
What kind of wonderful guy
Who can crawl like a dog without scraping his knees?
With segmented eyes?
It's Muddy
Mudskipper, it's Muddy
Mud
Skipper Show
Word from our sponsor.
Mudskipper Show is brought to you by Gritty Kitty Litter.
Hello, friends.
Of course, you know that when it comes to absorbency,
odor control, and of course, flavor.
Gritty is the best litter money can buy.
But did you know that Gritty Kitty now comes with a prize inside?
That's right. In every bag, there's a neat prize waiting for you.
Collect them all.
There's the Shaven Yak litter box caddy,
a bologna sandwich,
a live crab,
a junior barbell set,
real dynamite,
a fake toe,
a real toe,
a fish clip,
and don't forget after you're through,
make sure to cut out the free mask,
print it on the back of every bag.
Remember if it doesn't say Gritty Kitty,
it stinks.
Oh, why, Steampie?
We sure had fun today, didn't we?
So long, kids. Come on, Steampie. Say goodbye.
Where are we going?
The show's over. See you next time.
Next time? When's that?
It's pretty soon. Don't worry.
Pretty soon?
How long is that?
In a little while, man.
What'll we do till then?
Why, you could flush your toes.
Oh, you could eat olive loaf.
You could blow yourself up like a balloon.
Goodbye, kids. See you next time.
Goodbye, folks.
Get with the programs.
Stay with the programs. Keep snicking.
This is my first time serving.
A lot of fun.
She just has to figure out how to stay on the board. That's all.
This is my first time serving.
Gentlemen, the toughest thing a manager has to do
is trade a player.
He's got a way past performance against future potential.
And always think of the good of the team.
Kirby, you're an incredible player.
But one of you has to go.
Skip.
Official Major League Baseball Cards
from Don Russ, Fleer, Score, and Upper Deck
make all your favorite players come alive.
They went field.
Hey, Kirby. Didn't I pass you on the way in?
Hey, dude. It's not your clothes you need to change.
It's your pants.
Yikes are the only pencils as unique as you.
Yikes are pencils and erasers
without rages, shapes, and colors that go straight to the core.
Because you can't look sharp with dull pencils.
Sorry, Dad. Yikes can't work miracles.
They write like other pencils, but they make you go Yikes.
Never cut the slack, and I always watch my back for jacks.
Take them down with delts, damn.
As soon as then, I'm the man with the plan
because the power's in my head and the power's in my hands.
Take them down with delts.
And thank you, Shum.
You know why I'm here.
Magic Johnson's Super Slam Dunk Basketball
for Super Nintendo.
Now you can rent it at Blockbuster.
That's how you do it.
Take them down, take them down.
And like taking candy from a baby.
What? Two out of three, little man?
For the best in video games, make it a Blockbuster night.
Are you ready?
The ultimate Nickelodeon Guts Challenge.
The radical rock, the aggro crag.
Now bigger, meaner, and more mountainous than ever.
Watch Nick put kids on the crag.
This Monday at 5.34-30 cent.
Only on Nick.
Nick, nick, nick, Nickcake, Nick, nick, Nick, Nick, Nick.
Nickelodeon.
All the kids said.
Nick, nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, nick.
Nickelodeon.
Boop.
tonight's a special night.
It was a year ago tonight that David
brought Frank into our circle so he
could tell the tale that made him
a member of the Midnight Society.
The tale of the phantom calf.
Wengsidae, Doctor복.
What a v-v-v-v.
It's been our tradition that on an anniversary,
it's that person's turn to tell us a scary tale.
You have one, Frank?
Oh, yeah, I've got one.
Then take it away.
I've got the perfect story for a night like this.
Oh, Moon.
Exactly.
Eerie things happen when the Moon is full.
People always act a little bit different.
A little strange, but to anybody who's ever told a tale of terror,
there's one special thing that always happens when the full moon rises,
and that's what my story's about.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
I call this story the tale of the full moon.
Jett and Huey were pet detectives.
You know, they'd find missing dogs, runaway parakeets, that kind of thing.
They'd just been hired by Mrs. Neville to find their lost cat, Misty.
Seemed like an open and shut case, at first.
Catnip mouse.
Catnip mouse, check.
Why did you charge Mrs. Neville $20?
Our rate for missing cats is only five.
Yeah, but the puppies at the pet shop are twenty bucks apiece.
Squeezy rubber hammocker.
Squeezy rubber hammocker, check.
But your mom said you can't have a dog.
She'll change her mind when she sees this.
Where's that silver whistle?
The one only dogs can hear.
She'll be here someplace.
But what if she doesn't?
She has to.
I'm tired of playing fetch the stick with you.
Me too.
Splinters hurt my tongue.
It's practically a law.
I'm a boy.
And a boy's supposed to have a dog.
And as soon as we find Misty, I'm gonna buy one.
What's wrong?
Found the whistle.
Kitty, kitty, kitty.
Misty!
Printed in tin to Lassie.
Think I found Misty.
The house across the street from my place.
The most ridiculous story I have ever heard.
But it's true.
His fridge was full of me.
I bet he's got his eye on every pet in the neighborhood.
Dog burgers, fried canary, hamster soup.
Jed, I have had about enough of this.
But mom.
Don't but mom, me.
I know exactly what you're up to, young man.
This is another one of your cockamamie I wanna dog schemes.
Isn't it?
What?
You figure I'm going to believe this silly story of yours
and let you bring home every single stray in the neighborhood.
Just to protect them from the butcher of Maple Street.
Not this time, kiddo.
We're just barely getting by as it is.
We can't afford another mouth to feed.
Even if it does have four legs and brings in the mail.
Dad would have believed me.
Probably would.
Afraid of the dark?
Stay in the glow of the couch and stay tuned.
Tomorrow, tune in to Nick News W5 and tune in to Your World.
After Christianity, Islam is the second largest religious group.
What do you know about Muslims?
What's life like when you're living on 18 wheels?
He's a clown, a poet and an ice cream flavor.
Who is wavy gravy?
It's all on Nick News W5 This Week.
Nick News, Your World, Your News.
Tomorrow at 8-7 Central on the network that's tuned in to Kids.
Nickelodeon.
He has no upper lip like this.
He shaves his entire body.
His ears.
Ooh.
He's got one of those unibrow's.
I hate that.
A remote control holder for my birthday.
Thank you.
He calls me amigo.
He reads mercenary magazines.
He waxes his chest.
Dinosaur making is not legitimate profession at all.
East pack backpacks come with a lifetime guarantee against defects.
If only the same could be said for boyfriends.
He bites his toenails.
Ugh.
House.
Wow.
Tell us, Max.
Scary how I love those sweet little puss of weak.
A mirror.
Hmm.
I'll shine some light on this mystery.
There they are.
Hey, what the-
Yeah!
Oh, my.
And I want a snack to be part of my complete breakfast.
Oh, kitty.
Look behind you.
Ah!
Oh, it's big.
Gee, that's much bigger.
You think Bigfoot's big, little Caesar's big, big cheese is bigger.
Two big pan pizzas with more cheese, more pepperoni, 24 slices,
or get a family-sized bucket of spaghetti with meat sauce.
So now it's the big, big bucket or the big, big cheese with free crazy bread
for 888 at Little Caesar's.
Pizza, pizza.
Why is Nickelodeon the only network for?
There's no need to bear.
Underdog is here.
Why is Nickelodeon the only network for?
This is the only place we want to be.
On Nickelodeon, the only network for you.
Now, the sneaking begins again with Are You Afraid of the Dark?
I was across the street.
You just turned into a, a wolf.
You're kidding, right?
You got me out of bed for this?
I saw Mom. I had my camera aimed right at the ship.
What is the matter with you?
Spying on that poor man.
He's not a man, Mom. Look at this.
He's got to be on here.
Okay, Spielberg, that's enough shows over into bed with you.
I'm not making this up, Mom. I saw it happen.
I know you did.
You do?
You've got dog on the brain, honey.
You're seeing them even in your dreams.
That wasn't dreaming.
We'll talk about this in the morning.
Okay? Good night.
Good night.
Night, Mom.
Werewolves.
Yeah, they come out during the full moon,
and you can kill them with silver bullets.
I know how it works, Huey. Everybody knows how it works.
What do I do about it?
Wait a sec. That stuff's all in the movies.
The real werewolves are called mesomorphs.
They have a disease that's called lycanthropy.
That changes them at any time.
They're allergic to red roses and pure silver.
Great.
We've got to do is trap them in a flower shop.
There's one more thing.
They need fresh meat to survive.
They eat small animals, birds and stuff.
But their favorite is children.
They're really interesting.
But the question is,
what do you do if you've got a werewolf living next door?
Move.
Where have you been?
Go get washed up, quick, honey. Dinner will be ready in a minute.
We're having a company?
Remember that guy I told you about?
The one I met bowling a couple weeks ago?
He's coming here?
You're having a date?
It's not a date. It's just dinner.
It doesn't mean a thing.
Oh, shoot!
You know what I mean?
Yeah, sure. It doesn't mean a thing, right?
You must be dead.
I just adore cooking, as you can see.
It's been so long since I've had a man around
to try my talons on.
I hope you like this.
It's a recipe I got off the TV.
Oh, well, this smells great.
I'm so hungry I could eat a horse.
Or a cat.
So, how are you finding Maple Street?
It's great.
I'm going to the last place I lived.
Where was that Transylvania?
Uh, actually...
Seattle?
More yams!
What's going to change?
Jed, you apologize right now.
No, well, Ellen, it's all right.
No harm done.
You are excused from the table, young man.
But Mom...
Now, we're going out for coffee.
Your dinner is in the Kelvinator.
I'll deal with you when I get home.
Hmm.
Huey, I was wrong, man.
I guess I must have been dreaming after all.
That guy's not a werewolf.
Yeah?
Did you use pure silver?
Yes. How about the moon?
I did the test, all right.
Okay, okay.
So your mom's boyfriend isn't a werewolf.
That's that. No, it's not.
There's something going on over there.
We've got to go back in that house.
Oh, Jed, I'm taking a bath.
Towel off.
It looks pretty quiet.
Maybe we should come back when somebody's home.
Like noon?
Come on, I know how we can get in.
Wait, why do you keep saying we?
Because we're partners, Huey.
To the end.
The end?
You won't relax, nobody's home.
I saw that having coffee with my mom.
What's that?
It's not really doing this.
He's not really doing this.
Turn around.
Here, take this.
Check this out.
You thought you said it was full of him?
He was. He must have hidden them.
Maybe he got really hungry.
That's proof.
Uh, Jed?
What does this guy look like?
I don't know. Just like an average guy.
Kind of tall?
Kind of bald?
Yeah, why? What difference does it make?
Because I think he has a twin brother.
He's gonna get a hold for very long.
Thanks for the newsflash.
Bad dog.
I see you've met Gordon.
My dad's in school.
Gordon?
My brother.
Yeah, well, I got news for you, buddy.
Your brother's got a problem.
Yeah, I know.
Lycanthropy is a terrible disease.
Everybody tells me I should just
put him out of his misery.
But his family.
It's all I got.
Yeah, well, my mom's all I've got.
And when she finds out about this, she's...
Jed?
I already know.
You're not scared?
I was at first, but I'm trying to understand, honey.
I hope you will, too.
Does he really eat...
kids?
Rumors.
People can be so cruel.
There's lots of different kinds of families, Jed.
This is just one of them.
Just gotta stop eating pets.
It wasn't long before Jed's mom married
the man from across the street.
They all moved in together, like a family.
Looking good, Mr. Anchors.
Thank you, Mrs. Anchors.
Two.
Well done.
And one.
Me, too.
Jed's mom was happy.
The man was happy.
And one very rare.
Dinner time!
Stay back! This one's out of the park!
And as for Jed,
he finally got his dog.
The end.
Our anniversary surprise.
Surprise?
Fire's nice and hot.
What surprise?
Special occasion.
We planned it just for you.
Roast.
Frank.
Say what?
Roast Franks, don't you like them?
Happy anniversary, Frank.
Let's cook.
So who brought the plates?
Oh, you were supposed to bring them.
Yeah.
I'm so proud of you.
I'm so proud of you, too.
All those people looking at us.
I feel like goldfish.
Don't miss Bullwiggles Mozzarella
weeknights on Nickelodeon.
Monday, Tuesday,
Wednesday,
Friday.
Do you have it?
Only Nickelodeon would give you a whole week
of guts.
Weekend Warriors rejoice.
It's a new season at a new time.
Every weekday, every afternoon.
Your chance to see fiercer competition,
tougher obstacles, and a meaner,
bigger aggro crag.
Get in on the action sports this Monday
at 5.30, 4.30 Central.
Only on Nickel.